# Data dictionary creation: SBA Data

## Goals and Objectives

- The goal of this spec plan is to create a data dictionary for this project. The data dictionary is a one-stop source to learn about the provenance, definition, quality, and richness of the data being used in the analysis. The data dictionary will also be updated as new data sources are brought into the project.

## Data Sources
- For now, we will only use the SBA 7(A) and 504 data. These data are in @0_inputs/SBA and the accompanying subfolders. These data were downloaded from this URL: https://data.sba.gov/en/dataset/7-a-504-foia.

## Tasks to be completed
- Read in data from @0_inputs/SBA/
  - Treat the 504 and 7(A) data as two data sets. No need to break out by time period. During the planning phase, make sure that columns are consistent over time - we will troubleshoot accordingly if this is not the case.
- Evaluate the columns in each of the datasets
- Create a data dictionary in @0_inputs titled 'data_dictionary.csv' 

## Target outputs
- Data dictionary called 'data_dictionary.csv located in @0_inputs

## General Guidance

- When building the spec plan, access section 2.3 of this online guide for guidance on how the data dictionary should be formatted and what colums names to include: https://caltechlibrary.github.io/RDMworkbook/documentation.html#data-dictionary
- During the planning phase, I expect us to finalize the columns to be included in the data dictionary. If you have ideas to add columns to the design, please only bring them up during the planning phase.
- For example, two columns I'd like to add to the Data dictionary are a "source" column (what source does this variable come from?) and a "percent_filled" column (what percent of observations in the data source contain non-NA values for this column?). I'd also like a "data format" column (String/Numeric) and "data type" columns ("Categorical" etc.).
- The data dictionary should only be for non-processed data only. That is, data in the '1_inputs' folder.
- Only access the URLS included in this file.
- The 504 and 7_A data each are split out into different CSVs by time period. You'll want to make sure that column names and formatting are consistent across time.
